Hey so I noticed a quick error in my logic that I had to fix.
And right here in the rank in Moji whenever it gets to 9 because of this logic over here we'll actually
get on define.
So we need to add the equal sign over here and now we should be able to run through our ranks properly.
I've already deployed this fix.
So let's give it a go.
If I was a new user let's call let's say it's Jenny.
And Jenny has the e-mail.
G-mail dot com and the password is always a sign in.
Hey Jenny here's my rank badge.
I'm also going to let's just play around and update Jenny's name to Sally.
Let's save that.
That's great.
And I have a new image that I'm going to test out with our clarify API.
It's the Rumanian national soccer team logo that detects all the faces that's kind of cool.
Now as I click this check out the rank badge.
All right it's changing.
Look at that.
We got a lot of eyes.
We got some diamonds.
We got the rocket ship you go.
Everything is working.
Nice and smooth.
Good job everybody.
I'll see in the next one.
Bye bye.